docs: Add 2024-05-16 meeting notes (#506)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2024/2024-05-16.md

> @mdjermanovic I spent most of the time reviewing PRs and checking whether everything will work well with the new @eslint packages

> @fasttime I've tried to always keep an eye on the ESLint board, worked on [feat: add method isFileConfigured](https://github.com/eslint/rewrite/pull/7). Reviewed [TypeScript config RFC](https://github.com/eslint/rfcs/pull/117) and talked to the author of tsx to discuss some issues I observed while testing the implementation.

### RFC Delays

> It seems like RFCs are not getting reviewed in a timely fashion. The most recent was open for two weeks before any TSC member commented (me). We need to be paying more attention to these. I'd like to suggest that we have a formal "RFC duty" where we rotate through each week who is responsible for caretaking RFCs.

**Resolution:** We are going to try the RFC duty rotation idea for four weeks and review in the next to TSC meeting to see how is going.

**Action Items:** 

> The first two scheduled rotations will be:
> 
> * Week of May 20: @mdjermanovic
> * Week of May 27: @fasttime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first three scheduled rotations will be:

* Week of May 20: @mdjermanovic
* Week of May 27: @fasttime
* Week of June 3: @nzakas
```

2. If others need some time to review first, they'll leave a comment saying so with an expected date.
3. When the last TSC member has posted their full response (not just the "I need time" comment), they'll remove the `tsc waiting` label.

**Action Items:** @fasttime will create the label `tsc waiting`

### v9 Migration Assistance

It seems like we are getting more reports of people being blocked on migrating to v9. Either they can't figure out how to migrate, or they're stuck by something in the ecosystem. What else can we do to help aid migration?

> @nzakas As I mentioned, I think it's probably time to look at a migration tool. I'm not sure how effective it can be, but even if it gets things 80% of the way there, that seems like an improvement from the situation now.

**Resolution:** 

* We will work on a migration tool
* We will [update](https://github.com/eslint/eslint-transforms/issues/25) `eslint-transforms`

**Action Items:** @nzakas will take action on migration tool

### Scheduled release for May 17th, 2024

**Action Items:**

- @fasttime will release the following:

  - `eslint`
  - `@eslint/create-config`

>   - `eslint/js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `@eslint/js`
```
